## Setup
- Apply a 2 Hz square wave driving Phase U to ground.
- Check where the heat is observed.
- used a Topdon TC001 Thermal camera, which thanks to this github repo https://github.com/leswright1977/PyThermalCamera, was, with some minor modifications, easily usable on debian.

### Observation
It seems like the top FET is simply shorted.
A possible reason for this is that the fet might have been shorted, because of the faulty bootstrap circuit connection.

The max gate to source voltage is about 20 volts. So this might have led to the source and drain shorting out.

We can check this by 
- Taking out the FET and measuring the resistance drop over it.
- Checking whether the Phase voltage on phase U still shorts to VBAT after removing the FET.

After taking away I can confirm that the problem was indeed there. The new phase waveform to ground can be found at waveform_after_removal.jpg
It seems consistent with the capacitor charging to about 3 V, probably originating at the voltage divider between the phases. (should be about )

Impedance to vbat is about 70 kOhms, which is consistent with the sensory voltage circuits connected to virtual ground, and the adc input.

## Next step
- Take a second board
- Take a way to soldermask with a dremel
- Check for shorts between battery and phases (just to be sure)
- Connect to the vbat supply
- Test if it switches without connecting a load.


### Observation
It seems like the new resulting BLDC, with soldered wires accordingly and non-broken FET's does work accordingly.

Make sure to
- Buy some small grippers that can be connected through jumper wires
- Buy a few new IRFZ44N FET's or similar mosfets usable for switching the inverter.

## Next step
- Try to flash a more realistic control signal with kHz switching speeds
- check the wave-forms and currents in no load
- check the behaviour with a 5-ohm load, to see if the PCB can withstand the high currents